README.md, before:

# Machine Learning Through Self-Driving Cars Expercises
This repository stores code for the course: Machine Learning Through Self-Driving Cars

# Sections
- Python: code used for lectures (it's recommended to start from scratch)
- Computer Vision: using the simulator Webots, we will make a car follow the road line
- Machine Learning (Road Sign Classification): we will use Machine Learning to classify road signs (i.e. the model will be able to tell if the image contains a stop sign, speed limit sign, ...)
- Collision Avoidance: Using a Lidar we will make make our car drive without crashing
- Deep Learning (Behavioural Clonning): Using the power of Deep Neural Netowrks we will make the car drive like ourselves!

# Installation
- Install Python
- Install Visual Studio Code
- Install Webots
- Install Python libraries (can be found in 0_install/requirements.txt)
- Add Envrionment Variables (PYTHONPATH, PYTHONDECODING, ...)

## Linux

### Install Webots
Install on Debian-based systems (i.e. Ubuntu), open a terminal and paste the following commands (shortcut: Ctrl+Alt+T), then paste:
```
wget -qO- https://cyberbotics.com/Cyberbotics.asc | sudo apt-key add - # Add the key with the command
sudo apt-add-repository 'deb https://cyberbotics.com/debian/ binary-amd64/' # Add the repository
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install webots # install Webots
```

Alternative you can install it through the snap store:
```
sudo apt-get install snapd
sudo snap install webots
```

Official documentation - [link](https://cyberbotics.com/doc/guide/installation-procedure#installation-on-linux)

### Automated installation of the rest (Python, Visual Studio Code, Python Libraries, Environment Variables) - Linux

You can install everything necessary in *Linux* by executing the following on a terminal.
```
cd ~/Code/Self-Driving-Cars-Course/0_install # set the right path, this will work with the default path
./install_linux.sh
```

Note: This method should work for: Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch-based distros

### Manual installation of the rest (Python, Visual Studio Code, Python Libraries, Environment Variables) - Linux
Install:
- Python, execute `sudo apt-get install python3`
- Visual Studio Code
  - Download it [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) in Ubuntu download the ".deb" version
  - If it gets stored in the Downloads folder install it with `sudo apt-get install ~/Downloads/code_*.deb`

To set up the environment variables, open a terminal and run the following commands:
```
echo "export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/local/webots/lib/controller" >> ~/.bashrc 
# WARNING: change the "X" for your python version, you can find it by running "python3 --version" in the terminal
echo "export PYTHONPATH=/usr/local/webots/lib/controller/python3X >> ~/.bashrc
echo "export PYTHONIOENCODING=UTF-8" >> ~/.bashrc
```

Official documentation - [link](https://cyberbotics.com/doc/guide/using-your-ide?tab-language=python&tab-os=linux#pycharm)

## Windows

### Install Webots - Windows
- Download the "webots-R2022a_setup.exe" installation file from their [website](https://cyberbotics.com/)
- Double click on this file
- Follow the installation instructions

Official documentation - [link](https://cyberbotics.com/doc/guide/installation-procedure#installation-on-windows)

### Manual Installation - Windows
Install:
- [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
  - Make sure you tick "Add Python 3.X to PATH"
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)

Install the required Python libraries:
- Open "git bash", execute:
  ```
  cd ~/Code/Self-Driving-Cars-Course/0_installation
  pip3 install -r requirements.txt
  ```

Set the required environment variables
- Click the "Windows Key" and write "Edit the system environment variables"
- Create variable “WEBOTS_HOME” with content “C:\Program Files\Webots”
- Create variable “PYTHONPATH” with content “%WEBOTS_HOME%/lib/controller/python3X”
  - Note: Change the last “X” for the minor revision number of your Python version
- Add to “PATH”
  - “%WEBOTS_HOME%\lib\controller”
  - “%WEBOTS_HOME%\msys64\mingw64\bin”
  - “%WEBOTS_HOME%\msys64\mingw64\bin\cpp”
- Create variable “PYTHONIOENCODING” with content “UTF-8”

Official documentation - [link](https://cyberbotics.com/doc/guide/using-your-ide?tab-language=python&tab-os=windows#pycharm)

# Usage
Each section has a set of files, the ones that have leading numbers (i.e. 1_, 2_, ...) are the ones that should be executed, in the order marked by the leading numbers.

Some of them require some preparation (i.e. run Webots simulator, download dataset):
- **1_python_tutorial**: doesn't require anything
- **2_computer_vision**: requires Webots (words/city.wbt)
- **3_collision_avoidance**: requires Webots (worlds/city_with_borders.wbt)
- **4_machine_learning**: requires to download the [dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/andrewmvd/road-sign-detection) and save it to the "4_machine_learning/original_dataset" folder, add the folers "images/" and "annotations/" inside the "original_datatset" folder
- **5_behavioural_cloning**: requires Webots (words/city.wbt)

Commit message:

Add index to README.md

README.md, after:

# Machine Learning Through Self-Driving Cars Expercises
This repository stores code for the course: Machine Learning Through Self-Driving Cars

# Index
- [Course Sections](#course-sections)
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Linux](#installation-linux)
  - [Windows](#installation-windows)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contact](#contact)


# Course Sections {#course-sections}
- Python: code used for lectures (it's recommended to start from scratch)
- Computer Vision: using the simulator Webots, we will make a car follow the road line
- Machine Learning (Road Sign Classification): we will use Machine Learning to classify road signs (i.e. the model will be able to tell if the image contains a stop sign, speed limit sign, ...)
- Collision Avoidance: Using a Lidar we will make make our car drive without crashing
- Deep Learning (Behavioural Clonning): Using the power of Deep Neural Netowrks we will make the car drive like ourselves!

# Installation {#installation}
- Install Python
- Install Visual Studio Code
- Install Webots
- Install Python libraries (can be found in 0_install/requirements.txt)
- Add Envrionment Variables (PYTHONPATH, PYTHONDECODING, ...)
**NOTE:** There are OS specific instructions (Windows & Linux)

## Linux {#installation-linux}

### Install Webots
Install on Debian-based systems (i.e. Ubuntu), open a terminal and paste the following commands (shortcut: Ctrl+Alt+T), then paste:
```
wget -qO- https://cyberbotics.com/Cyberbotics.asc | sudo apt-key add - # Add the key with the command
sudo apt-add-repository 'deb https://cyberbotics.com/debian/ binary-amd64/' # Add the repository
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install webots # install Webots
```

Alternative you can install it through the snap store:
```
sudo apt-get install snapd
sudo snap install webots
```

Official documentation - [link](https://cyberbotics.com/doc/guide/installation-procedure#installation-on-linux)

### Automated installation of the rest (Python, Visual Studio Code, Python Libraries, Environment Variables) - Linux

You can install everything necessary in *Linux* by executing the following on a terminal.
```
cd ~/Code/Self-Driving-Cars-Course/0_install # set the right path, this will work with the default path
./install_linux.sh
```

Note: This method should work for: Ubuntu, Fedora, Arch-based distros

### Manual installation of the rest (Python, Visual Studio Code, Python Libraries, Environment Variables) - Linux
Install:
- Python, execute `sudo apt-get install python3`
- Visual Studio Code
  - Download it [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/download) in Ubuntu download the ".deb" version
  - If it gets stored in the Downloads folder install it with `sudo apt-get install ~/Downloads/code_*.deb`

To set up the environment variables, open a terminal and run the following commands:
```
echo "export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=/usr/local/webots/lib/controller" >> ~/.bashrc 
# WARNING: change the "X" for your python version, you can find it by running "python3 --version" in the terminal
echo "export PYTHONPATH=/usr/local/webots/lib/controller/python3X >> ~/.bashrc
echo "export PYTHONIOENCODING=UTF-8" >> ~/.bashrc
```

Official documentation - [link](https://cyberbotics.com/doc/guide/using-your-ide?tab-language=python&tab-os=linux#pycharm)

## Windows {#installation-windows}

### Install Webots - Windows
- Download the "webots-R2022a_setup.exe" installation file from their [website](https://cyberbotics.com/)
- Double click on this file
- Follow the installation instructions

Official documentation - [link](https://cyberbotics.com/doc/guide/installation-procedure#installation-on-windows)

### Manual Installation - Windows
Install:
- [Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
  - Make sure you tick "Add Python 3.X to PATH"
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)

Install the required Python libraries:
- Open "git bash", execute:
  ```
  cd ~/Code/Self-Driving-Cars-Course/0_installation
  pip3 install -r requirements.txt
  ```

Set the required environment variables
- Click the "Windows Key" and write "Edit the system environment variables"
- Create variable “WEBOTS_HOME” with content “C:\Program Files\Webots”
- Create variable “PYTHONPATH” with content “%WEBOTS_HOME%/lib/controller/python3X”
  - Note: Change the last “X” for the minor revision number of your Python version
- Add to “PATH”
  - “%WEBOTS_HOME%\lib\controller”
  - “%WEBOTS_HOME%\msys64\mingw64\bin”
  - “%WEBOTS_HOME%\msys64\mingw64\bin\cpp”
- Create variable “PYTHONIOENCODING” with content “UTF-8”

Official documentation - [link](https://cyberbotics.com/doc/guide/using-your-ide?tab-language=python&tab-os=windows#pycharm)

# Usage {#usage}
Each section has a set of files, the ones that have leading numbers (i.e. 1_, 2_, ...) are the ones that should be executed, in the order marked by the leading numbers.

Some of them require some preparation (i.e. run Webots simulator, download dataset):
- **1_python_tutorial**: doesn't require anything
- **2_computer_vision**: requires Webots (words/city.wbt)
- **3_collision_avoidance**: requires Webots (worlds/city_with_borders.wbt)
- **4_machine_learning**: requires to download the [dataset](https://www.kaggle.com/andrewmvd/road-sign-detection) and save it to the "4_machine_learning/original_dataset" folder, add the folers "images/" and "annotations/" inside the "original_datatset" folder
- **5_behavioural_cloning**: requires Webots (words/city.wbt)

NOTE: When it requires any Webots world (.wbt) you can open it in Webots by clicking "File-->Open World".

# Contact {#contact}
If you have any problem with the code the best way to contact me is Udemy Q&A section. Leave your question there and I'll answer as soon as possible!
